Update comments.md (#128)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/luau/comments.md

local function stopCosmicMoonRay()
end
```

## TODO Comments

Roblox Studio supports special `TODO` comments. Studio bolds any text following `TODO` (until broken by a space):

```lua
-- TODO: Finish the function below so that it actually does what its name implies.
local function stopWorldFromBlowingUp()
end
```

> Use `TODO` comments to keep track of and communicate issues within your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use `TODO` comments to keep track of and communicate issues within your code.
```

local function stopCosmicMoonRay()
end
```

## TODO Comments

> You can add special comments that are bolded by typing (`TODO`). Any text following this will be in bold (until broken by a space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roblox Studio supports special `TODO` comments. Studio bolds any text following `TODO` (until broken by a space):
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Use TODO to keep track of and communicate issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```lua
-- TODO: Finish the function below so that it actually does what its name implies.
local function stopWorldFromBlowingUp()
end

> ```

Reviewer: Let's add your line from earlier at the end here:

```
Use `TODO` comments to keep track of and communicate issues within your code.
```
